In this demo,
I'm going to show you how to use the cert-manager
to issue certificates from Let's Encrypt.
I'm logged in here again to the Kubernetes master nodes
using the Ubuntu user.
And I have the Git repository here.
And in this Git repository you have a directory Helm.
And the first thing we are going to do is
we're going to install Helm.
Helm is the packet manager for Kubernetes.
So lots of software has been packaged using Helm,
so if you want to install software,
you probably going to need Helm.
You can download the latest release from this website here.
Kubernetes Helm releases,
or you can just, if you're using Linux,
enter this command right here
and this will install the clients.
I'm going to use my master node here,
I'm going to use this Ubuntu user
to then install the clients,
and then I can use the Helm clients
on this node.
But if you have Windows,
you can also download this
Helm client on your Windows
but then you just have to make sure they configure
kubectl on your machine as well
if you want to communicate with the cluster.
And I'm going to install Helm here then.
Helm installed into user local bin Helm.
Helm init to configure Helm.
We have an rbac enabled cluster
so we're going to have to make sure
that we create a service account for Helm.
The Helm init is going to install Tiller
on our Kubernetes cluster,
so we're going to have to create the service account for
this Tiller process.
I have rbac config.
I have a service account in a namespace kube system
called Tiller.
And this one has cluster admin privileges.
This allows Tiller, basically Helm,
to install any package that you want in your cluster
in any namespace.
But if you want,
you can also create different access rights
that only allow access to Francis one namespace.
Kubectl creates all this rbac config.
And then I'm going to initialize Helm
using this service account Tiller.
Tiller, the Helm server side component,
has been installed into the Kubernetes cluster.
So now we can start using Helm.
So I'm gonna go to another directory,
to the cert-managers directory.
This directory also has a ReadMe
so I can easily copy/paste on commands.
Before we can use the cert-manager,
we need an ingress controller,
because we need to be able to access our cluster
on port 80 or four four three,
HTP or HBS.
And therefore we need an ingress controller.
We cannot use a load balancer,
so this ingress controller will be auto balancer,
it will make sure that whenever we hit this port ID,
that it gets rooted to the service that you want.
So I'm going to do Helm install,
I'm going to call it My Ingress,
it's going to be the nginx-ingress controller.
I'm going to specify controller DaemonSet,
which means that every node
will have an ingress controller running.
If you were to have really big cluster,
then you probably don't want to specify this.
You only want the deployment
that then runs a couple of instances
of this ingress controller.
Here I only have three nodes,
if I do DaemonSet I will have three instances
of this ingress controller.
If I don't specify this, controller service type,
then it will be a load balancer by default.
I don't have a load balancer on this cluster,
I cannot use load balancers in this case.
I want to create a cloud agnostic cluster
or if you are doing this on PRAM,
you also want to have load balancer,
so specify node port.
You're not going to use this node port,
we are going to say host network true,
which means it's going to bind
on port 80 and four four three, HB and HBS,
on the host itself.
So we will be able to just go to the appearance of any node
on port 80, on port four four three,
and this will then expose this ingress controller.
Seems that I already have one intalled previously,
I'll just delete this one.
Let's also purge the cert-manager
in case I already have this earlier.
And then I'm going to do this again.
If you do this for the first time
you definitely don't going to have this yet.
This is installed,
so if you do
kubectl get pod,
we see we have now three ingress controllers.
And those ingress controllers,
if you do kubectl edit pod,
then we can see that we gonna have a host port
on port 80 and four four three.
Which means that if you want to access our cluster
externally on theses ports we also need to open the firewall
in case you have a firewall.
Remember if you use DigitalOcean,
then all the external ports are blocked
in the firewall we configured
so we have to change this.